AustLII
New South Wales Consolidated Regulations
▼
All databases
This database only
This legisation only
Full text
Titles only
Advanced Search…
About Contact Copyright & Usage Privacy Disclaimers Feedback Help
Type
Legis
 Jurisdiction
New South Wales
 Database
New South Wales Consolidated Regulations
 Year
 Citation
llep2012310 s2.3
All Databases

 
Cases & Legislation

 
Journals & Scholarship

 
Law Reform

 
Treaties

 
Libraries

 
Communities

 
LawCite

Australia
 
CTH
 
ACT
 
NSW
 
NT
 
QLD
 
SA
 
TAS
 
VIC
 
WA
 
New Zealand
Specific YearAny
Any
Any
LISMORE LOCAL ENVIRONMENTAL PLAN 2012 - REG 2.3 Zone objectives and Land Use Table
LISMORE LOCAL ENVIRONMENTAL PLAN 2012 - REG 2.3
Zone objectives and Land Use Table
2.3 ZONE OBJECTIVES AND LAND USE TABLE

(1) The Land Use Table at the end of this Part specifies for each zone-
(a) the objectives for development, and
(b) development that may be carried out without development consent, and
(c) development that may be carried out only with development consent, and
(d) development that is prohibited.
(2) The consent authority must have regard to the objectives for development in a zone when determining a development application in respect of land within the zone.
(3) In the Land Use Table at the end of this Part-
(a) a reference to a type of building or other thing is a reference to development for the purposes of that type of building or other thing, and
(b) a reference to a type of building or other thing does not include (despite any definition in this Plan) a reference to a type of building or other thing referred to separately in the Land Use Table in relation to the same zone.
(4) This clause is subject to the other provisions of this Plan.
Notes :
1 Schedule 1 sets out additional permitted uses for particular land.
2 Schedule 2 sets out exempt development (which is generally exempt from both Parts 4 and 5 of the Act). Development in the land use table that may be carried out without consent is nevertheless subject to the environmental assessment and approval requirements of Part 5 of the Act.
3 Schedule 3 sets out complying development (for which a complying development certificate may be issued as an alternative to obtaining development consent).
4 Clause 2.6 requires consent for subdivision of land.
5 Part 5 contains other provisions which require consent for particular development.




NAVIGATE
Next Section
Previous Section
Table of Provisions
Notes
PRINT
Print (pretty)
Print (eco-friendly)
DOWNLOAD
RTF format (244 KB)
Plain text (ASCII) (172 KB)
CITED BY
LawCite records
NoteUp references
JOIN THE DISCUSSION
Tweet this page
Follow @AustLII on Twitter
About Copyright & Usage Privacy Disclaimers Help
http://www.austlii.edu.au/au/legis/nsw/consol_reg/llep2012310/s2.3.html